Add app sync schema (#4840)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/appsync_graphql_api.html.markdown

* `log_config` - (Optional) Nested argument containing logging configuration. Defined below.
* `openid_connect_config` - (Optional) Nested argument containing OpenID Connect configuration. Defined below.
* `user_pool_config` - (Optional) The Amazon Cognito User Pool configuration. Defined below.

> * `schema` - (Required) The schema definition, in GraphQL schema language format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `schema` - (Optional) The schema definition, in GraphQL schema language format. Terraform cannot perform drift detection of this configuration.
```
